[OSDOCS#18693]: CQA Remediation for Cert Manager Operator OSDOCS-17173 - PR1 (#116104)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cert-manager-overridable-resource-parameters.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-customizing-api-fields.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="cert-manager-overridable-resource-parameters_{context}"]
= Overridable resource parameters for the cert-manager components

[role="_abstract"]

> You can configure the CPU and memory limits for the cert-manager components in the `spec.controllerConfig`, `spec.webhookConfig`, and `spec.cainjectorConfig` sections in the `CertManager` CR.

Reviewer: Short desc should include 'how' and 'why'. E.g.:

```suggestion
You can configure the CPU and memory request and limits for the cert-manager components in the `CertManager` CR to control resource consumption for the controller, webhook, and cainjector pods.
```
